Updating the Usage of "Open Science Grid" (#115)
OSGConnect/connectbook: start/resources/openmpi-jobs.md

[TOC]

> Even though OS Pool is a high throughput computing system, sometimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though the OSG is a high throughput computing system, sometimes
```

> there is a need to run small OpenMPI based jobs. OSG has limited support for

Reviewer: Change OSG -> The OS Pool
